Oh, yeah, from Hollywood, California, and Meltdown Comics.
We're all good podcasts, go, and they grow up.
Harmontown is now in session. Welcome friends, welcome newcomers.
Are we Spencerless tonight? Let's not bring out Spencer sadly, no Spencer.
But don't think of it as losing a Spencer. Think of it as gaining a mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
What's up, Dan?
No, nothing, nothing. This probably never happens to you.
Do you always say the opposite thing and people say, how is it going?
And then you say, nothing?
Yeah.
And then they say, how are you?
Wait, that's the same one, nothing.
But whatever, whatever the other one is, I do it wrong, okay?
So it's going to be a bad show.
You got a nice little haircut there?
Oh, thanks, thanks.
Where do you go? Who's your guy?
I'm a 23 in the front and 50 in the back.
It's the new, where do I go?
I go to that place on Hillhurst, Opion, Opion, OPYAN.
It's decorated like kind of like an Armenian swamp cave.
Oh yeah, that place, yeah, yeah.
Armenian swamp cave.
Like it's rejuvenating.
Stay away from me.
So the only thing, oh, there is one piece of business, official business to get out of the way.
So as you guys know, I'm a big user of the App Cookie Collector 2.
It looks like that.
You collect cookies.
Each menu makes a sound.
Oh, there's, okay, that's, well, let me, sorry about this.
Let's start the show over.
Oh, that's a little crunchy sound.
Yep.
Okay.
But you can mute it after a while.
Do you play with the mute?
You collect cookies.
You go like that.
When you gather cookies, I have 120.82 Treadekillian cookies at 16.157 Duo Dekillian cookies per second.
But that's a misleading figure, since each cookie can be upgraded to be worth more cookies at the cost of cookies.
Each cookie you gather is a kind of currency that you can use to create, for instance, structures that create cookies.
Everybody, please file slowly out of the exits.
It's a cookie press, the baker, the dispenser, you can get a grandma, a tree, things that make cookies.
All right, but let me get to my point.
This is under the heading, we have some business to take care of.
I probably don't have to tell you, each day of the week there's special things. Sunday is milkshakes appear twice as often.
I don't have to tell you what milkshakes are for.
You use those to buy cookies.
Or to bring all the boys to the art.
They recently did an update where they have league play now.
That's why I'm talking to you guys.
Uh-oh.
So my bakery, it was called Butnut, but I had to change it because I don't think it would let you.
So I started a cookie collector two team called The Crumb Rumblers.
So I'm just letting you know that.
I'm not telling you you have to join my cookie collector team and help me collect cookies.
If it's something you were already going to do and you're looking for a cookie collector two team,
just know that I have one called The Crumb Rumblers.
Oh shit, I'm missing a fucking cookie storm.
God damn it. Fuck. Oh, fucking messed it.
We had fucking damage.
What happens when you miss a cookie storm?
You don't get as many cookies, you fucking asshole.
I know you know the answer.
How often do cookie storms come along? Are they predictable?
Every eight minutes.
The rainbow cookies, the cookie storms are rainbow cookies.
Now that you're the gang leader of The Crumb Rumblers,
how many people can be a member of that team, infinite amount?
I'm not who I don't know.
But when you have a team, you're all going into this cookie collecting together?
Yeah, I'm sure all the cookies we collect get added up and then we get ranked.
There's other teams. That's all.
I'm not going to belabor the point. I want it to be an entertaining show.
How many Crumb Rumblers are there right now? Just you?
Yeah, as far as I know, just me.
The thing is, I think there's a passcode maybe, so that'll be our final order of business.
Then we'll get on with the entertainment.
I don't like that we're using our podcast for you to shill for your own Crumb Rumbler cookie collector 2 team.
My team, The Crumb Rumblers, I'm the only member.
It says members 1 out of 50 collected 39,742 cookies.
Passcode, I want to write this down.
7-7-1. Fuck, milkshake.
Double milkshakes today. It's Sunday. Double milkshakes.
Double milkshakes in Westworld.
The fuck is our show?
I think there's probably some people here that are just fans of logic that are like, what the fuck is this?
Is that your cookies or is that somebody else?
We don't tolerate any bullshit with phones.
Anyways, okay, so I was giving you that passcode and then we'll get on with the show.
The passcode is 7-7-1-8-1-3. I don't know if that gives you access to my cookies.
I don't know if you can use that to buy shit. I don't know, but that's that code again.
Fuck, 7-7-1-8-1-3. How do you open the new iPhone?
I wrote it down. 7-7-1-8-1-3.
Alright, well, listen.
So far, I would say one of the best Harmontowns of all time.
The Crumb Rumblers. The Crumb Rumblers, sir.
Crumb Rumblers. 7-7-1-8-1-3.
And the world famous 7-7-1-8-1-3.
It's the Crumb Rumblers. Oh, it's the Crumb Rumblers.
No, not all one word. Nope. Spaces. Use it. Spaces. Spelt crumb right. Do it all.
Yeah, I don't want any of that shit.
Is there a space between Crumb and Rumblers?
Yep.
The Crumb Rumblers. Just pretend it's the name of a movie, which it will be.
You thought that you might get kicked off for being Team Butt Nut?
I thought my bakery's name was Butt Nut. And yes, I kept trying to create the Crumb Rumblers
and it kept just like blanking out and I was like, I bet it doesn't like the Butt Nut
and I changed my bakery name to Dan Harmon. So now it's the Crumb Rumblers
and I'm in there alone. Let's move on with the show.
Because my name on Transformers Earth Wars, they didn't allow. They changed my name for me.
Because you wanted to be...
Negatron.
I was going to do Optimus Rhyme but they would have allowed that one
but that's already been taken too.
Alright, well, our team is Channel 101. If you guys want to join us, Channel 101.
I don't know if I like Transformers Earth Wars.
Anyways, hasn't Cookie Collector 2 become a competitive team thing now?
Yeah, and it's going to be better than Transformers Earth Wars.
You guys, I missed out on that whole Amanda Knox thing. I just watched that documentary on Netflix.
I didn't even know what was going on when that was going on. You know who Amanda Knox is?
I do not.
Watch the documentary. It's pretty interesting. That's all.
Well, thank you for clarifying that for me.
That's worth a watch. It's a fascinating story. You won't believe it happened right under your nose in 2013.
I just missed out on it. I must have been busy on one of my hit shows.
But it was very interesting.
Very interesting.
You guys looking forward to Westworld?
Okay, good.
Alright, I'm going to watch that tonight.
I guess let's get on with this.
I can't watch anything because I'm moving places and I have no TV, no internet, no Wi-Fi, no nothing.
I'm living in a toilet dark age.
Well, you can come over, come over after the show and watch Westworld.
Watch it tonight?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I will.
That's a date.
Yeah.
We had pizza and stuff last night and they left the box out so the dog's probably, this place probably looks pretty bad.
Okay, I'll have some of that dog pizza.
Let's say the house is probably kind of a mess.
Do you have a friend in Toronto? That was pretty fun, right?
Yep, I have a friend in Toronto.
Yeah, I enjoyed it.
Alright.
Well, if you guys are, in my podcast audience, then you're a fan of quality rapping.
And the hip hop lifestyle.
Just my vocoder down here?
Okay, good.
Warm, make sure this thing is working.
You want to try it out?
Just kind of warm up.
Do a little vocoder sound check?
Yeah, do you have a beat?
Yeah, I'll give you kind of one of our old school beats that we're not going to use later on.
Okay, let's do...
Check, check.
Yeah, yeah, rapping.
Rapping like I'm tapping.
Tapping, rapping and crapping.
I'm doing running around a circle that's called laughing.
Laughing of your pussy.
Like I'm mapping your pussy.
Cartography, your pussy.
Saying here's the north, here's the south, here's my mouth.
On the equator of your pussy.
Tropic of Capricorn on your pussy.
Yucatan on your pussy.
Archipelago on your lamea.
Yo, your pussy is a map.
And I'm going to give it quite a rap lap.
I'm going to rap it left and right.
And when I get done lapping, go to sleep tonight.
Okay, so it's warmed up, it's warmed up.
I didn't mean any of that misogynistically.
Dan, can we try, if you don't want to, this is pushing it too hard.
Just do like an acapella.
Like you're like a doo-wop on the corner.
Kind of just like you just freestyle.
Like just singing acapella.
But with this?
Yeah, can we do it together?
Is there a way that you and I can do a little doo-wop together?
Doo-wop, doo-doo-doo-doo, wop-wop-doo, wop-a-doo-ba-doo, wop-wop-doo, wop-a-doo-wop, wop-wop-doo, wop-wop-doo, wop-wop-doo, wop-wop, doo-wop-doo, wop-wop.
Well, my girl's got some titties.
And she's walking through the cities.
Going down Fifth Avenue.
No, no, when I see those titties, what I'll do, but I'll squeeze them.
Gonna squeeze them all night long.
And I'm gonna sing a doo-wop song to her nipples.
Like they were microphones, cause I'm a man child.
I'm afraid to be alone, so I need a woman in my life.
I better stay away from the nights, cause I'm lonely.
And I'm angry.
And I'm... bad.
Alright, well...
Well, we're all warmed up.
I mean, ten dollars.
You guys got a fucking cheap, cheap admission.
This is too much program for you guys.
Let's bring out our new... wait, I gotta turn this off, so I don't keep sound.
Let's bring out our new friend.
Ladies and gentlemen, Logic!
DJ Logic?
Professor Logic?
Swag.
Psychological?
Yes, that was actually my first rap name, for real.
Yeah, awkwardly enough.
And who the fuck is gonna call somebody psychological?
Hey, psychological, pass the salt.
No, definitely not.
So, yeah.
And then my homie just called me Logic for short.
What is that?
Justin Roiland has a kind of... has a rapping alter ego.
What's his name?
Psychic Abilities.
But that's a real thing when he told me that.
I thought he was joking.
Well, it's... I mean, it's a real thing.
I mean, he raps in gibberish.
He just raps gibberish words that rhyme.
So funny.
Yeah.
When I first met him, he was like, yeah man, just come to my house.
This is very rare.
I was talking to him on Twitter, because I was like, I love Rick and Morty.
And he was like, oh yeah, okay, cool, come to my house.
And I was like, what?
So I was like, okay, so me and my wife, we went over there.
And we met him and Abby, and they were very drunk.
And there was like nine other people that I didn't know, and it was very awkward.
But by the time I left, everybody was family, and it was awesome.
And it was great, yeah.
Did he make you do VR?
Of course he did, dude.
He totally did, yeah, no.
But me and my wife, we loved it.
Yeah.
I got to get my setup though.
I don't have one.
I have like a PC, but I got to get like a real setup.
You have to dedicate a room to it in your house, if you want to do the Vive.
The Oculus is lighter weight, but you have to use a gamepad.
I don't know, it's tough.
It's like the VHS beta thing.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
You're 26.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's the two big things.
It's like what's going to be the mainstay DVD Blu-ray you might have been around for that.
Yes, I know that.
Yeah, and now we're all living in the cloud with young rappers like yourself.
Yeah, the cloud is fucking weird, man.
I try to go no, because I like to keep all my stuff on the super download because of hackers.
I've gotten like hack before, which sucks.
But they never really get any like real information, because I'm like an idiot for like letting them know, like having the easiest password to get.
Like you gave them your cookie collector passcode.
Yeah, they got like the easiest shit, you know, like pussy seven dash, you know what I mean?
Or whatever.
Pussy seven?
Do you mean when you say you get hacked, you mean like they break into your like bin of like unfinished albums?
No, no, no, that's what I'm saying is like no way.
No, they just get like Netflix.
And then like, so if you log into my Netflix, it's Bobby, which is my real name, and then Jess, which is my wife's name.
And then it's like family, you know?
And then so somebody hacked my shit and was like, yo, dude, follow me on Twitter.
Fucker.
I was like, what?
So yeah, so that was, and then I apologized to you.
So I wised up and my assistant who's here, his name's Christian, he was like, why the hell didn't you have two step verification on?
Because like, and everything has two step where you just get like a text to your phone giving you an extra code so you can't get in.
So I do that, but when it comes to when it comes to like, like actual raps and music files and all that stuff, I don't do anything over the internet.
You know, it's just to be safe.
It's all on dat tape.
Flash drives.
That's it.
It's just like me and my buddy, my main producer and then my engineer.
And so we just, that's it.
The only time I think we send actual files over the internet is if it's like a beat and it's just like it isn't even anything yet.
And I'm like, oh, I really like that beat. And if I like it, then I'm like, you better go back to that fucking email and delete that beat.
So nobody like steals it.
You won't even do a coded drop box thing.
Like, like, like you won't send anything over the internet.
Dude, I like deleted my drop box.
Really?
Yeah.
Because it's not even like they got any serious information because like, I don't do that.
I don't, I don't put anything out there really.
But it was just weird because I was like, oh, shit, they, they, they've got my Snapchat.
And they were like, but they weren't even posting anything. It was really weird.
They were just like, go follow gangsta, kill a seven.
It was like the weirdest like names.
I live in real terror and I haven't really done anything decent about it yet.
But I did, I started using one password. This isn't an ad.
Like, like, it's like, I finally just gave in and started using one of those apps where it just generates these crazy long ass passwords.
And then you, so that every time you want to get anything, you have to like go there, copy, then paste a long ass password that even you don't know.
Yeah, I think my assistant has that too.
But fuck that.
But when the fa, when the fappening happened, that was a warning shot across my, my bow.
The fappening. Damn.
Yeah, that was pretty crazy.
But it is true that around that time, that's how we know the guy that runs the server for the, for this thing.
Like that's kind of how I made friends with him is that he was a fan who he, he was like down deep into that whole crazy world.
And like he let me know, he said, like, do you have, and like named all of my Apple equipment and like some other shit that I was like, what's going on?
How did he find that out?
And he said there, because you're, you're, you're your iCloud password, which is so simple.
That's how the fappening happened is that everybody's like iCloud, iCloud passwords are like, are like the name of their dog or it's just like, or it's just like password.
Because no one took iCloud seriously.
And, and, and, and, but iCloud gives you your address book.
It gives, it's just like, it was just a, and so like, because, you know, I'm somehow ancillarily, if that's a word related to like some, you know, like someone that, that was fappeningable.
Fappable?
Like they're my, they were, they had my, they had already hacked me, they just hadn't, like the way it worked is that like, they can, you get hacked by like just an autonomous like thing.
It's just like a machine that just drills away at your shit on a server somewhere.
But then you, you, the hacker comes back and opens that treasure chest and pulls shit out and they hadn't done that.
But these, some people had found the stuff and so he was, he was warning me.
No, that's crazy.
But that's some, yeah, like I've actually had that happen to me as well where people will like tell you and they're not actually dicks.
They just do it for like a weird sport.
They're like, yeah, I just went into your shit.
I'm just letting you know.
Like, yeah.
Like I swear to God, like I see that all the time.
I just did it a couple of times when I, when I was still using Windows back in the, back in the day.
Back in the day.
Back in the day where people, when people said back in the day.
I had, I had heard like,
Remember AOL disks?
Totally.
They talked about like IP scanners or something like that.
Like software that just scans for IPs and how Windows was so vulnerable.
And I just, I just got one of these free apps that like scanned low, you know, IPs just went through lists of them and, and probed them for open ports.
It's not even about guessing passwords.
It was like Windows was so vulnerable.
If you networked your home system, the way to get it to work, like often involved, like if you only knew a little bit about what you were doing and not everything, you were, you were bound to be open to the public.
And so I just like, I ended up like, I just wanted to do it.
And then I, I was like, I'm in here.
And then it was like, oh, those are your tax documents.
And I was like, I left a lot of little, I felt like a dick for even doing this, but I felt like it was better than not doing anything.
Just leaving and left a little text, little, little, little text documents that said, look, I'm sorry, I was here.
Really?
I was here and yours.
There's your social security number.
I don't have, I'm not looking at it.
I swear.
That's crazy.
I was just dicking around.
I'm a 30 year old dude in Los Feliz.
There's my name.
Come get me.
Dude, I never understood how people actually got that.
Like the ones who are like, yeah, I'm going to, because you know, like Kylie Jenner, all these like different celebrities.
That's how it happened with me.
It was like this, this dude who like hacks into people's Snapchat.
And it's just like, yeah, pussy springs or something.
He just does this, just he'll just like tweet the most random shit or whatever.
But I always wonder like, how does like somebody go, I'm going to hack this person's shit and like jack into the fucking matrix, man.
That's like so weird.
I see that codes, like those green codes.
Like when I think of some guy like, yeah, I'm going to destroy your soul.
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
Yeah, I know.
Well, that's what's terrifying about like, well, that there's so much crossover with the, you know, the guys that can do that and the, and the alt right and stuff.
You can, because you can just like, just by being a human being that has feelings, like you and your politics.
If you stay on publicly, you could end up like, you know, being an example that gets made.
Like people will find some serious shit on my stuff.
Like I make an easy, fun target.
Like everyone, even my fans want to see me go down.
Like that's that's part of what they enjoy.
Like they show up here to watch me fail.
Like it's about the shape of my head or something.
I love watching you go down.
Nice.
But you, you, you were born, you're from Maryland.
Yeah.
Originally I'm from Maryland, which is near DC for those of you guys who don't know.
Because usually I'm like, Maryland people are like, what?
Where?
So yeah.
East coast.
It's a state.
It is a state.
It's a very small state.
We're known for crabs, but not the sexual kind.
That's Baltimore.
Fuck Baltimore.
I'll sign it.
Fucking Baltimore is a piece of shit.
That's good.
Maryland humor.
Hey man, if it wasn't for the Baltimore, we wouldn't have the wire.
That's true.
Really awesome show.
The wire.
Or Poe, a growling Poe.
Indeed.
I did not know that.
H.L. Menken.
Now I can claim that shit, son.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
But what part of Maryland are you from?
I'm from Gaithersburg, Maryland in Montgomery County.
I was born at Shady Grove Hospital at 7.36 a.m.
By the way, that was the first time someone's in a city and nobody clapped.
Oh yeah.
I'm from Gaithersburg.
Motherfucker, come on.
No, but yes.
It sounds nicer than what Wikipedia in your childhood section says it is.
You know what's crazy?
So I grew up section 8 household, welfare, food stamps, all that stuff, to a black father
and a white mother.
And I'm biracial, but look very white, obviously.
Hummelbrack.
Yes.
Which can be very, very confusing.
Dan's half jealous right now.
Half jealous?
Yeah, man.
So I grew up there and it's weird.
It's one of those places where it's like on the outside, it kind of like looks really
beautiful, but then you like take a left and you're like in the hood, like you're in like
a really fucked up area, which is kind of anywhere.
I mean, anywhere in the world, there's good places and there's bad places.
And me, I never really tried to glorify any of the negative shit.
Would you like a drink?
Oh, I'm okay.
Thanks.
I drink Scotch.
Swag.
I only just started drinking.
I only drink a little bit here and there.
Well, someone just got fired because we brought this out for you.
I never drink.
I'll have this water.
But yeah, so I grew up there and it was not that great.
I was like, was it like bad neighborhood?
Well, it says that your mom and dad were...
They were both drug addicts and alcoholics.
So my father was addicted to crack cocaine and my mother, she was addicted to pills and alcohol.
So I never actually had a father in my life, which is really hard.
And then also all my brothers and sisters are not to get all fucking deep.
This is supposed to be like really fun.
You think they come here for my fucking cookie game?
This is why they're...
Yeah, you saw how high the bar was when you came out like that.
And it's not for my hilarious standup either.
So it's like, no, go deeper, go home, Mr. Logic.
It wasn't necessarily about where I live but my actual household.
So all my brothers and sisters, they're all black and they all look black and have black features.
And once again, I'm the only one who looks white.
So it was very hard to identify when you're raised in a black household with a white mother.
And the crazy thing is that my mother was also extremely racist, which sounds weird.
Because it's like, how's this racist shit going to fuck all these black dudes?
But that's what happened.
I don't know how it happened.
Well, I mean...
But that's what happened.
I mean, all men hate women and look how many people we have together.
We managed to work it out.
Yeah, it definitely works.
Misogyny never gets in the way of...
Logically, she racist across the board or just...
No, you know what?
It was one of those things where I think obviously...
I mean, it's a very confusing thing because some people will be like, well, that doesn't fucking make sense.
And I'm like, yeah, I know.
I had to live that way and grow up.
And she was super Bible thumping like Jesus freak.
And I'm a very open guy.
I'm an open-minded guy.
I'm the type of dude that's like, I believe in equality for all race religions, color creeds, and sexual orientations.
Period.
And if you want to argue and fucking kill each other, you do it over there.
I'm just going to chill and watch Rick and Morty and fucking...
Real shit.
I'm just going to have fun.
So, but she was like total opposite.
And I always think like, I don't know how I didn't become a Satanist.
Like just a spider.
You know what I mean?
But I...
It's never too late.
That's true.
That's very true.
But yeah, no.
So I think it stemmed down with her family because I know that her side of the family was very racist.
So like my grandparents would never let me like come over.
And I'd always be like, oh, please.
And they'd be like, no, the guest room because they were balling and we were poor shit.
They're like, the guest room is not available.
And I'm like, oh, sleep on the couch.
And they're like, oh, no, the couch.
No.
And I'm like, oh, sleep on the floor.
And they're like, no, get out of here.
You fucking neighbor.
So...
You found it.
All right.
We buried the lead.
Yes.
But anyway, so that was like confusing.
No.
What were you going to say?
What's that like?
Like if your siblings look more black than you and you're in a biracial household.
So you're getting it from both angles.
You're not black enough to be black and you're not white enough.
Like you're not totally...
No, it's really weird.
It's...
That's what I had to deal with my whole life and then leading also into my career.
Because I, you know, like literally being called a nigger by your own mother and then
going to school and then people are like, you fucking cracker, white boy.
And it's like, what?
Oh, shit.
The fuck's going on.
You know what I mean?
I better become a successful recording artist.
Yeah.
Some shit better go down.
With a built-in audience of zero.
People just keep accusing you of co-opting your own culture.
Yeah, I know.
Going back and forth.
But that's what I did.
I just focused on music and it was very difficult and so...
And you had to focus on logic, not to be corny about it, but you really...
Like Dirk Diggler, you thought long and hard about your...
Yeah, long and fucking hard.
You arrived at psychological and then shortened it to logic, but I think the...
I'm babbling.
You're doing fine.
Keep talking.
But it's like, yeah.
I mean, what other recourse do you have?
I think by the way, that's where good hip-hop and nerd culture totally overlap.
Nerds are like, wait, how am I...
It's not equatable.
I don't want to make that crime, but nerds always draw that analogy.
It's like, wow, you're getting it from all angles.
You don't know.
And that's why we get into Spock and Star Trek and sci-fi.
It's something to escape in.
And that's what I used to do.
So I love video games.
I'm a huge video game guy.
So I love Last of Us and Uncharted and those real games you can jump in and just engulf yourself in.
And I used to play those games to escape and to run away from my life and not deal with it.
And then through that, as I got older, through my teenage years, I realized that I could do that with music.
And truly write.
And now here's the real crazy thing.
So my mom is like this super Jesus-free, crazy, racist, white bitch, right?
But then on top of that, on top of that, I'd be writing raps to try to vent and talk about these things.
And she'd be like, don't you curse, goddammit, motherfucker.
So she was also that.
So it was very suppressive and it was very difficult.
But I worked through it and I worked on music.
And then when I was 17, I left the house because it was just so horrific.
It was so bad.
She was just on so many pills.
And I got two jobs to support myself.
And I worked those jobs for a long time and it was one in the morning and one at night.
And unfortunately, I didn't graduate high school because back then there was so much going on.
I mean, I've seen my father smoke crack.
I've been kidnapped.
I've seen my mother get beat by men and my sisters were raped and my brothers were in the street
selling crack even sometimes to our own father.
So it was a lot of crazy shit that I was seeing.
But every time I was like, this isn't right.
I knew that it wasn't right.
And that's where I think everybody else, and I'm not going to say necessarily failed.
And I'm not going to try to highlight my family and say the right or wrong that they did or who they went to become.
But I think that's what it is, especially within the inner city in different places where, oh, OK,
if I go work at McDonald's and I make $5.50 an hour or I can go sell crack and make $5,000 in a day.
And it's really fucked up and it's really terrible and it's really horrible.
And when I saw this, I was like, OK, well, don't beat women.
Don't sell crack.
Don't do this.
Don't do that.
What you need to do is you need to write about it and you need to tell the world and you need to tell the youth
that are coming from where you're coming from to get out of that.
And so that's what I did and what I tried to do.
And you were good at it.
I was good at it.
I'm sure a lot of people are like, I'm going to rap about this.
And then they're like, yo, yo.
Yo, check it.
Yo, I fucked your mama.
Crack rock.
More like bad rock.
Don't smoke it.
You got to poke it.
Yeah, so that's my best rap.
I was doing a voice like I was imitating a bad rapper.
But my secret was I was rapping as good as I could.
Nice.
I'm actually going to go home tonight and say, that was pretty good flow.
Are you a freestyler too?
Or are you mostly a writer?
Honestly, I write and I love to write, but I think that any person who raps should have fun and freestyle.
Yeah.
How does it, how does it free?
I always, I'm so, I'm always so confused about freestyling because I, when I listen to like...
Oh, you've made that very clear.
When we, when we, when people are freestyling, like whether it's in a, it's in a biopic movie, like Eight Mile or...
This feels fucking Eight Mile like B-Rabbit right now.
I can't even see like people pass like the second row.
This is crazy.
Yo, fuck you, Doug.
But are the people, I assume it's like, like if you freestyle a lot, then the more you freestyle, the more arrows you have in your quiver.
I.e. like you're also, like one thing you're like phonetically engineering your mind from an early age.
Like for you, you were a child and you were like, you were drawn to hip hop.
I feel like Eminem was like, like, he was like a savant.
Like when his first album came out or what it was, like...
It's all about studying.
So like if you really want to do so, like a lot of rappers go, yeah, I'm going to rap and get these bitches' hoes.
You know what I'm saying?
These chains and shit, dawg.
And then it never works out.
And it's the people that actually say, I'm going to turn this into, you know, I'm going to make this a business.
I'm going to be a walking company.
And I'm going to first and foremost do it because I love it, but I'm going to fucking make something out of it.
And that's, that's what great, the greats did.
That's what I'm doing my best to do.
Well, now it's even harder for you, harder slash easier in a sense.
I mean, like, I guess everything just changed.
But like, you're the, I, you're the second Wikipedia article I've read.
It sounds so similar to The Weeknd, who I recently...
Love that guy.
That's my homie.
And was like, it's like, oh, you look at, it's like the parallels are, it's like, it's, this is the new career path.
You have to be a ninja and like make yourself out of nothing.
Like you don't get to, you have a mentor in your, in your development.
And you have a record label that comes along, but not before you build yourself out of dirt without permission.
Completely.
Yeah.
And The Weeknd just came out of nowhere and you, you have to release these mixed tapes and, but they're not tapes anymore.
They're digital and these kids are with their pants are so low.
But, and it's, and it's got to be lonely and it's got to be like, how do you, I mean, that's the age old question.
Everybody in Los Angeles is always asking, how do you know when you're supposed to quit?
How do you know?
I always say, but it's a very convenient answer.
It's easy for the people that they're asking.
They're not asking the people that failed.
Damn.
Well, yeah.
I thought about it that way.
Holy shit.
Thank you for asking me that question.
There's, there's never a writer's panel for failed writers, you know, like, people come and they go, how, how do you know when you should quit?
And I always say it's easy for me to say, but it's like, I do believe this.
Like, well, you have to, you have to really believe that you wouldn't let that you would do it for free.
And that, and that if you did it for 20 years and then got hit by a bus without ever having an amount to paying your rent that you wouldn't go, oh man, I wasted 20 years that you'd go, that's pretty cool.
You loved it.
That's the big part, you know, and I think, I think for me, I'd probably be like dead in jail or addicted to drugs.
And that's what I saw.
Not to fucking get Debbie down or wah, wah.
But like, legit, seeing that, I was like, oh shit, son, gotta write these raps, dog.
Like, I was like, I can't not.
After having written about all that childhood stuff and how you grew up, I mean, are you, have you gotten all that out of your system or is there still, is there an endless journey to write about?
Question.
Okay.
So you have to soon start rapping about your gardener.
No, this is, this is the thing.
Your second album ends with like, and that's what I had to say, mom about Coke.
And then your third album starts and it's like, stop interrupting me at dinner.
I'm trying to eat with my wife.
It's just a message to fans.
Yeah.
Yo, my wife is like totally with that.
Every time we go out, because I'm like, I'm like so nice, because I just can't, I just like, but sometimes I'll be eating like, you know, okay, today.
No, it's real shit.
I love my fans.
Straight up.
Love my fans.
Love anything from my fans, except like sexual stuff.
But like, so I was at, uh,
Hey, you said you're an open guy early.
I know, yeah.
Turns out you're a fanophobe.
No, so I, no, no, no.
So I was at Fry's Electronics today.
And so I get there and there's a lot of like young Hispanic males working and those are a lot of my fans.
I have a lot of Hispanic males in Los Angeles, California.
And, uh,
And you'd like to give a shout out?
Yeah, shout out my boy Jose and Juan.
Those are real people.
I'll three.
Yes.
Um, no, but so, so just being there and like, oh, it's like, you know, some people notice and, you know, some people would be like, oh, hey, logic.
I really like your music, man.
And they fucking keep it pushing.
I'm like, whoa, that's so cool.
Cause typically how it goes is, hey,
Demo.
Sup dog.
Yo, you're on my fucking Snapchat.
Say what's up.
And it's not even like, hey, how are you?
Or like shaking your hand.
Like, like legit.
It's like, yo, can I take a picture?
Like fuck, dude.
You're gonna like buy me dinner for a shit.
You're just going to fuck me.
I'm serious.
Like, it's like, I'm so down to have a conversation and hang out in whatever the case may be.
But it's usually like, what can you do for me?
There's been times where I've like, I've done a show, had 103 degree fever, was out back.
Like, I know this sounds gross, but like throwing up and puking my brains out after the show because I was just so sick from doing 45 cities in a row.
And fans are like, hey, and they throw it while I'm throwing up or like taking selfies with me.
So there is a negative side to it as well.
But like today I got followed in the bathroom while I'm taking a piss.
And some dude was like, hey, man, I need me to shake your dick.
And I'm just kidding.
But he was like...
But he's just...
Again, I apologize.
It's like, you gotta let some shit go, man.
The weird thing is that he didn't say anything.
So it's a guy who works there and he just walks in, he's just like staring at me.
Like, you know how sometimes guys in the urinal you can like see with the metal fleshy thing handle?
The reflection.
And I just see this dude just kind of like staring at me.
And I'm like, this is so fucking wrong.
And then I turn around and wash my hands and I'm like, so is this guy going to say anything to me?
And he like, doesn't say anything?
And I fucking leave.
And it was really awkward.
He might have just been a murderer.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, you never verify it.
I'm like...
I have no idea.
Do you...
Okay, I'm gonna...
I...
There was a point when I had enough people in...
To my surprise, go, I know who you are.
I like what you do.
I'm so happy you're alive, et cetera, the validation.
But there was a tipping point where I feel like I internalized it to a point where I can live off of it.
It hasn't been cut off.
So I don't know how big that tank is, but then I kind of like...
I have this self-awareness that that doesn't...
Like, it didn't make me taller or more handsome or a better person even that I did this stuff.
But because those people say the things that I always wished the people would say,
which is why I wished I would be...
I don't ever wish to be taller or more handsome, but...
I understand exactly what you're saying.
That it's like...
I hit this wizard of eyes.
You could have gone home anytime you wanted.
Like, tipping point where it wasn't a bad thing.
It was all a lie.
It was a good thing that it was all a lie.
That it was like, oh, I now know how my body feels and my brain feels when I assume someone in the room is amazed that I'm going through this TSA checkpoint.
See, that's why I always...
And it makes me less cranky and...
It's like this weird...
I hate admitting that because it's kind of a douchey thing, but at the same time it's like...
I wish I could give that pill to everybody.
No, that's not a douchey thing. That's fucking awesome.
And I know what that feels like, but I always do my best because...
Here's the thing, especially with hip-hop and the younger generation, everybody thinks other people think they're the shit.
That's got to be really extreme, too.
So I always do my best to, like, once again, treat everybody equally and with respect and kind and introduce myself.
I'm not even like, yo, I'm Logic.
Unless it's like a professional setting like this and I'm backstage with people, I'll be like, hey, I'm Logic.
Or if there's fans, I'm like, hey, I'm Logic.
But when I meet just, you know, anybody, I'm like, my name is Bobby. That's my fucking name.
I'm not going to be like, yo, something's Logic.
And they're like, what?
What?
Yeah, you know what I mean?
But what I'm saying is...
Can I talk right there?
Yeah, because I was checking into a hotel with my girlfriend and it was like in Beverly Hills.
My hotel name is Mike Hawke.
That's the real thing.
Yes.
We were going from the lobby to the elevator and it was like, there was this like giant dude.
And I guess it's important that he's black, but I don't see the world through that lens, but...
He had a baseball cap on, he definitely looked like he belonged in a Beverly Hills hotel, but at the same time,
because his clothes were all new and like, but he was full of all this weird energy
and he was like dragging a bunch of bags on a cart, but there were that.
And it was like, he was a really big dude.
And then he came out of the elevator and he just called out to someone that I couldn't...
And it was like, yo, sneaks, sneaks.
Like he was just yelling for sneaks.
And I was just like, just play it cool and I got in the elevator and then I was just like to my girlfriend.
I was like, do you think sneaks is famous or do you think that guy is like way out of line?
Like, it's just like, like sneaks.
Like what if sneaks is just a friend and like, is the hotelier going like, God, these guys,
they just come by and one of them's named sneaks and they're just so loud.
Or is sneaks like a Grammy winner and why is that okay?
You know what I love about you, Dan?
Is that I always interrupt you with a perfect story.
No, no, I love that.
Like, dude, you're like fucking crazy, man.
And you make me feel good, bro.
Because I love the way you think, man.
Because I think about the craziest shit all the time, bro.
Like, you know what?
Let's talk about last night.
No, two nights ago.
And I was at my house hanging, playing pool with my buds, right?
You promised that you wouldn't talk about this.
I'm a bit of a pool shark.
And so I'm walking and I take my dogs outside and I have a new little puppy.
His name's Panda.
What's the breed?
Yes.
He's a little corgi.
Boo.
He's a corgi.
I got a puppy named Panda.
What breed?
It's a Panda.
Boo.
I just wanted to repeat that joke.
It's funny.
Piggy has a Panda.
Nice.
I have a Panda.
Wicked.
And because he didn't even give it a real name.
All right.
Well, the other dog, his name is Phillip J. Fry.
We call him Fry for short.
Yes.
Cutorama.
Let's go.
Fuck yeah.
What does the J stand for?
Johnson.
Jojo.
I have no idea.
I just made it up.
Anyway, so we're walking and it's nighttime and I see this snail with a fucking big ass shell.
And I'm walking past this snail in my backyard and I'm like, whoa, snail.
That's crazy.
I hope like one of my dogs don't eat this snail.
And so the first dog comes out and sniffs it and I'm like, no.
And he's like, oh shit.
All right.
Cool.
So he walks on by and then the little puppy who like doesn't really know, know yet.
So I'm just like, wow.
And he's like, oh shit.
Okay.
Cool.
He keeps walking.
I'm like, man, I wonder what the fuck that snail's thinking.
You know what I mean?
Like real talk.
I'm like legit.
I'm thinking like, man, like does he even understand?
Does he know how close he came?
And I'm like, wow, this is so crazy.
And I'm like, I gotta, I'm serious.
Okay.
And I'm like, I got to make sure this fucking snail is okay because he's in the middle of
the sidewalk in my backyard and I got to make sure that like he makes it to the grass.
So I'm like posted and I'm watching my dogs and everything's cool.
My wife's walking by.
I'm like, hey, watch out.
You know, people coming by and then my buddy six comes out and I'm like, yo, there's a snail.
Watch out.
And then crunch.
Oh.
Yeah.
So anyway, I'm like, yo, does this snail have any kids?
Like what the fuck?
You know what I mean?
But this is like real shit that I think.
So when you go off on such a just snail, snail's married for life.
Are you serious?
No, I don't make that.
You know what I always worry about with snails?
What?
Is that their, their deaths must be horrible because they're like, they're like, what was
this shell for?
Because it's like, what is that for?
To protect them from warrior snails?
I guess it's effective that way.
Like if a snail tries to kill you, having a shell is like fucking whoa.
He's like Batman.
Cause it's like, it's thin as a, like a fingernail.
It's like so thin.
I mean, when you, when you do, if you've ever had the displeasure of realizing you've stepped
on a snail, it's like, I mean, those things, it's like, it's like Jesus Christ, the thing
that it bought to protect itself.
It turns into a thousand knives.
I guess that's, I guess that's us in cars.
I mean, like, like, we're just driving around in fucking pieces of glass that are temporarily
in one piece, like whizzing them at each other.
That sucks.
I never thought about that.
And now you've given me like 80 million more things to think about.
Thanks a lot.
Appreciate it.
Well, you know how people like, like they put that snail stuff out to keep snails out.
Cause I guess there's.
Isn't it like salt?
Yeah.
Well.
That's for slugs.
There's like hardcore, okay, slug stuff.
It's like, but somebody told me it's like, you know, they're not eating that and it's
poisoning them.
It's like, it's like little, it cuts them.
Oh, that's fucked up.
Yeah.
See, this is like the microscopic, like fucked up world of like earth and all the shit that
happens behind the scenes.
But then our producer, Dustin Marshall told me that a Cetaminophen, the reason why it's
a fast acting ingredient drugs or something is it has little molecules that are, that
cut up your stomach.
So it gets in your bloodstream faster.
Well, that's second gross.
This fucking kid.
Dustin, you don't know yet.
He's fucked up.
Like that's the only reason I want to live to a healthy old age because I want to see
how fucked up he is at 40.
Wow.
Nice.
Cause he's like, he dresses like Beetlejuice.
Like he's, he's got a, he's got a whole podcast network that used to, that used to be like,
okay, he's got a podcast.
Wait, is this the guy I met?
Yeah.
Total Beetlejuice.
Look, don't say it one more time.
Don't say it one more time.
You got it.
You fucking be right out here.
It's like Marilyn Manson Beetlejuice.
Oh shit.
Who's great?
No, I don't mean that in a bad way.
He comes in.
He's really nice.
No, no, no.
He looks like he's about to kill a rock album.
You said Beetlejuice the third time.
Oh.
Shit.
You thought, you thought like Marilyn Manson was my uncle or something.
I got to watch you work recently.
I was so impressed.
I have a bunch of hip hop artists to compare it to, but I was impressed as a creative because
you're so young and you've had your own success.
And I'm sure the lesson you've learned is that you know best and that you'd have that
Steve Jobs lobe would be inflamed, which is not a bad thing in my opinion.
Sometimes the curse of genius, my friend, is non-collaborative.
You have a healthy fear of other people.
That's what I've learned from my predecessors, both in comedy because I love comedy.
And I think the parallels between comedy and rap is the same shit.
It's all about punchline and timing.
And for me, I've always been very open because I know what I know.
And I know how to rap and I know how to do this and I know how to perform and I know that
and nobody can tell me how to do that the way I do it.
But the things that I don't know, I go to the people that do and I just shut the fuck up.
I was like 39 when I figured that out.
So I guess you're more talented than me.
It's not a competition, you piece of shit.
I was very impressed, like you can tell, you're an old soul and there's no such thing as old souls
and you were the son of drug addicts in a horrible political racial situation
and you were forced to become Vulcan and wise.
Logic.
I'm assuming that could easily make you more combative and isolated and autonomous and all this stuff.
The reason we met is because he did a little thing for Season 3 of Rick and Morty, which it's not even a spoiler
because you won't remember this conversation in 2019 when it comes to it.
We're a little behind schedule.
I won't spoil the specifics of the episode, but it was great that Justin knew you and you came in
and I figured you were a cool guy or you wouldn't be coming in in the first place,
but I didn't expect what you came in and you worked in front of us.
It took me so long before I could...
I wouldn't be able to ride on airplanes because next to me I might be watching my process.
Then when I started doing Community, it was a hit show I did for NBC in 2009,
but I went through a period where it took me time to learn that it was okay to sit at a keyboard with a screen
and have other people looking at the screen while I was deciding what someone should say.
That was the equivalent of watching me masturbate or poop.
I totally understand.
He came in and I had written a rap for a thing and it was placeholder lyrics.
You just came in from top to bottom, looked at it, welcomed it, found a tempo for it,
found a beat for it, started going through the lyrics and then changing them, adapting them to give it basically a better...
It was like the scene when Mozart meets Soliari and is like, oh, that thing, and he starts adding...
That's what you were doing, which is what we wanted, but to do it in front of us,
and you weren't showboating, you were lifting us up and there was no membrane of you being like,
you know what, maybe just let me...
Are you saying that you generate your own beat right on the spot there?
Well, no, what happened was, and I'm not going to get too... I won't give anything away,
but basically, like Dan said, and it was really cool to think like, damn, I wrote some shit with Dan Harmon.
That was so cool. First of all, just walk in the room and Justin's there and Dan's there
and everybody's just being super fucking cool.
This is the first time I meet this guy. He's like, yeah, motherfucker, blah, blah, blah.
He's doing all these raps and I'm like, whoa.
All right, this is my kind of party.
So, you know, so there's this like template and it's, you know, it's all this like really fun stuff
and things that have to do with the episode that wouldn't make sense without him kind of writing it first,
because how would I know, you know, so he does these things.
And then what I did was, is I go, okay, well, let me see, what would be a good BPM for this?
Beats per minute, how fast the song is.
Okay, and then I went on YouTube and got like a template beat, if you will, just something fun.
It was some tribe called Quest.
And so I got that and threw it on. Say what?
What song?
God Lives Through, which is one of my favorite beats by them.
So I did that and I kind of caught a vibe and I caught it and then I basically took what he did
and then rearranged it and then added things and took things away and, you know, came to a good place.
But here's the thing, the reason why I think I could do that is because unlike, I don't want to put this,
people who didn't necessarily grow up in like the Twitter era, you know what I mean?
I had to do everything in my career in front of the world.
Right.
Which was hard, you know, because once again, there's people like, I mean, even in fucking rap,
I mean, think about going my whole life being like, you fucking, you're white or black or this or that
or you're not this or you're not that.
And then you go to hip hop, which is predominantly black and you're, I'm like, hey, my brothers.
And they're like, no.
And then I got to do a whole album about my life and they're like, okay, kinda.
And I do a second album and really bring it home for the brothers and they're like, all right, you're cool.
You know what I mean?
So it's like, it's like.
But don't go in that house.
Oh, I thought you were a movie.
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm doing.
So that was it though.
Grandpa's sleepy logic.
I was just imagining all black people saying things and I was, I was adding to that.
Watch out.
Grits.
It's cool on black.
Yeah.
It was fun.
It was great.
So I was impressed by that.
And yeah.
And you're so, so, but you were impressed with my rap writing, obviously.
This is a real thing.
Like, like, I don't know if you're doing like a bit.
I was actually impressed with the rap.
It was so cool.
I thought something was interesting.
It was a make a good segue because this is something that I would ask you regardless of this had come up in that conversation.
But it's one of the first things that came up is because I was, I was going for authenticity with my, with my template wrap.
It was festooned with the N word.
I didn't know.
I hadn't, I didn't know.
I didn't, I guess I kind of.
So basically what happened was, by the way, it was the word nigga all over this shit.
Right.
And I come in and I basically, I tell him this, I was raising this household.
This is a word that I use.
It's just, it's, it's a part of the culture.
It's hard to explain.
But within my music, I never use this word unless it is what's unless it's hilarious.
Unless it's commentary.
Yeah, exactly.
Unless it is, it is a full, it is a true representation.
Do you understand?
Unless it's being used to discuss the issue.
Or if it's in quotations, like if it's part of the conversation that's happening maybe or?
Kind of something like that.
But it's like, just, just understand.
Like I've always had a rule that until people know and understand, because it's just, it's just a word that's in my vocabulary.
Growing up in a black household, having all black family and friends and it just, it is what it is.
It's in my vocabulary and I didn't have any of that.
No, no, but there's a, see, there's a difference though.
It's like, you're not a racist man.
You're, you're, you're a writer.
You're a comedian.
Like you use this to write.
And I try to liven up monopoly games.
Yeah.
Nice.
But yeah, so I basically was just like.
And showers are boring.
And you always, you're always looking for a new thing to call your, your, your, your friends.
And like, all right.
Nice.
Anyway.
It's just, I, I, I.
Okay.
All right.
Leave it.
Don't take it there.
And I thought it was a interesting topic and what I like about it is like the dichotomy of bad word, good word.
Use the word.
Don't use the word.
It's all preference.
And there's like, and this is where we got to get racy.
No, I'm just kidding.
Okay.
That was a terrible joke.
Anyway.
So no, but like it's all, it's all like, you know, there's things that my mentor said that you never argue about, you know, like race, religion, politics, you know, just, there's certain, it's, it's, it's sports.
It's like a thing that there's no writer.
There's no resolution.
Yeah, you exactly.
So it's like, almost with that, like, here's how I feel about the word.
And if, you know, when I go to concerts and I see the majority of the demographic who are attending concerts, they're all white.
So it's like, if it's like, Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck with nigga, blah, blah, blah, like whatever.
It's like, don't get mad at the kid.
Like you put it in, you know, you put it in the song and they're, they're reciting the song and they love you and they're paying to see you.
It isn't a racist thing.
You know what I mean?
It's not from that place.
Anyway, so me, I just don't like to fuck with that in general.
So I was just like, yeah, I'm not going to say that.
And he was like, cool.
Right.
Long story short.
I expected for, I, I context.
That's what I was going to say.
It's all about context.
Like when I, when I explained like my mother being racist or like on the, on the album that I'm working on, I won't super get into that.
But like I'm rapping from the perspective of, you know, a black man who told me that I wasn't shit, but a white boy.
And he was like, you're just a white boy, nigga.
Which is like so, but no, it's really funny because it's so like that doesn't make any fucking sense.
What you just said.
And, and so in that context is, is when I use the word.
I love that idea that language can be thought and that it doesn't have to have these electric fences about it.
But at the same time, it's not as simple as this libertarian linguistic policy of like, let's let it all slosh together because the most racist shit will be,
will be cloaked in false equivalents.
People will go, well, I can say this, but so and so can't say that.
It's like, yeah, context and history and all these things.
So on one hand, you, you definitely want all of that in place because that's part of language and history.
It's like that to me, the enemies are people who are certain about things and who have rules for other people about things.
And the, and the people that will quote unquote solve any problems we have with, with anything really are the people that are so uncertain that all they have is to focus on is their,
is their own gut and their own instinct and they have like this code.
And I thought that was, I'm sure you're not the only one.
And it's kind of like that, that made me, that gave me like a whole, it just, I don't know, it just made me happy.
I was just like, oh, that's so cool that that word can be like any other chemical in a chemistry set.
It can be like, yep, there's sulfuric acid and like you can use that to, like different people have different rules for how much of it they use and what circumstances they use.
And it's like their own relationship with it.
I was like, that's, that's what it is.
So basically that word is like your snail.
I mean, my guy's thinking about the craziest shit.
Because my rule is very simple. I never, I use it constantly when I am alone, making sandwiches, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I'm just like, it's all over all of my songs about how I need mustard.
Catch up.
Because it, because I have extra niggers.
It's just me, it's like, I refer to myself and the third person as, as, as, as that and that, and that, and that, and that I need more mustard.
And Jeff, Jeff does the same thing.
Oh yeah, no, it's, it's, it's like Worcestershire sauce in my house.
Like, it goes here and there.
I literally, I literally will use it as a pet name with my girlfriend.
Like, I'm gonna, like, like, like, we, like, like,
Oh, these are real things.
We have to trust each other.
Is this a bit? Is this a real thing?
No, no, it's real.
You know what, here's one thing I just want to fucking say.
Because there's a lot of people who, like, try to twist and turn and all types of stuff.
And like, Dan, like, you're such a, like, a nice guy.
And like, and, and I wouldn't surround myself by people who weren't, you know, open minded and, and like, kind hearted.
And one thing, and I just kind of want to talk about this, is there are, there are extremists on both sides.
And this is, this is also what my album has to do.
You know what, I have not talked about my next album at all, because it's not coming out until later next year.
But one thing that I will say about it is it has to do not only with race relations,
but it has to do just once again with the equality of all men, women and children,
regardless of race, religion, color, creed, and sexual orientation.
Because I believe that we are all born equal, but we are not treated equally.
And when there's amazing people, you know, like yourself, and I'm sure everybody in this fucking crowd,
because you guys, like, love these guys, you know what I mean?
And what the show represents is like, when people will try to, like, pull the card and, like, flip it.
Because I believe that there's extremists everywhere, you know what I mean?
And even, like, with Black Lives Matter, for example, right?
So, when that hashtag was going around, you know, there was people tweeting me and saying,
why aren't you hashtagging Black Lives Matter?
Were you not black?
And it's like, whoa.
Like, why would you say something?
Like, first of all, that's like the most racist shit, and you're trying to, you know what I mean?
And I think that there are extremists in everything, you know what I mean?
There's white extremists, there's black extremists, this is that.
And I think, like, for example, like, just to bring this up,
like, Black Lives Matter, what that term means, and this is just what it is represented from the black community,
is that there are black men, women, and children being murdered.
And, you know, they're just saying, like, we matter too.
You know what I mean?
That's all it is.
And then there's those extremists who would be like, alright, let's go kill a bunch of white cops,
or blah, blah, blah, or the extremists who would be like, you know, on the other side.
And I guess all I'm trying to say, and this is one thing, whether you know me or you don't know me,
is that I'm here to represent fucking mankind and good people like yourself who can joke around and have fun
and respect everyone.
So, swag.
And I even think there's, I think there's good people that get good results by doing, by like, problematizing
things that we complain about, like, do focus on language.
And you should say this and you shouldn't say that.
Be mindful of when you say this or that.
Like, there are important, like, goalposts being moved by people who think that way,
and there are also horrible vampire people who are like, oh, you can police language?
Well, now I just found myself a new bridge to troll under.
Like, I'm so comfortable here.
And I always say, like, the litmus test is, if you're doing something that you consider activism,
like, if it's not just expressing yourself, which should be joyful and easy for everybody,
but as a challenge, like, the, if you're, if you are labeling in your own head what you're doing is, like,
speaking truth to power or sticking up for somebody or something like that,
just quickly just a little baby flow chart in the sidebar of your head, like,
is what you're doing difficult at all?
Are you putting yourself at any risk by saying what you're saying?
And that's not to say that if the answer is no, you shouldn't do what you're doing.
It's just, just remind yourself of that. Have that compass on your dashboard next to everything else
on your dashboard that should all be yours.
Like, like, but always remember in those moments, like, don't get too carried away
because the people that were acting in racism in the 50s, they were, they were outraged.
They were victims. They were underdogs.
They thought that they were battling a horrible force that was telling them
that they had to eat sandwiches at the same counter as other people.
Like, they were doing what was easy. Like, they were expressing, like, all of this outrage.
And it's like, we need to, like, that's like the big cane that I shake at young people.
It's like, like, there's probably a kind of like one-for-one analog between you and some old white dude
in the 50s. Like, as far as the amount of battle you're fighting with this tweet.
Like, you're a tweet. The hashtag. That's why I think it's all bullshit
because there's people out there saying like, once again, when they're like,
why don't you do this hashtag? It's like, no, fuck that. I'm going to go do a whole album about it.
I'm not just going to do it so it lives in the moment to look cool.
Like, don't argue with me. And I think at the end of the day, man, once again,
like, I like to argue. I enjoy it. I love to have debates and crazy conversations
with people about race and politics and religion and fucking my favorite television show
or cartoons or anime or Rubik's cubes or whatever the hell I'm into.
But the thing is, like, I love doing that with like-minded individuals, open-minded individuals.
Like, you know, when I was young, my mom was super crazy about Jesus.
And now I'm like, I don't know if God exists, but I believe in an energy.
And there's certain people that would be like, no, fuck you. You're going to hell. Jesus exists.
It is what it is. Like, you know what I mean?
Yeah. And then other people going, that's a damn shame because people that believe in an energy
burnt women in the Salem, which trials it. And it's like, that conversation is about whether or not
you should think what you think as opposed to the other person going, oh, thank you for that information.
When I was young, I did blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then you both go, uh-huh. And then you're like, both, your brains are a little bit bigger.
Yeah. Like, even if you don't agree with someone, no, this is a real thing.
And they're like, you know, and this is why it's, I've always been kind of scared to have these talks.
And that's why I'm excited for my whole next album because it's not just about black and white and this and that.
Once again, it's about everyone. And it's like, I was so scared for so long to talk about this shit because like,
as soon as you bring up, you know, black men and women in America, it's like, oh, what'd you say?
And they fucking, you know, every little thing or this or that or whatever or religion, you know, and it's just this like thing
that gets at you. And it's like, man, I'm, instead of being scared to talk about it, I'm going to talk about that shit
and I'm going to bring it up, but I'm going to do it in a way that hopefully educates, especially the youth,
and just being open-minded. If you believe, if you're Baptist or Catholic or this or that, like, and you believe that,
that's cool. If you believe that the dude who goes to church on Saturday and not Sunday is going to hell because of that,
that's cool. Just like, stop fucking telling them you're going to hell and stop yelling and screaming and like, hating it.
That's just the shit that's like, super fucking annoying to me, man. Just let people live, dawg.
I kind of want, for those of you, those of you that aren't familiar with it, you were describing your last album.
You're doing a Comic-Con panel for your last album, which I got to run and pirate after this.
Popcorn Time. Nice. I'm so old and rich, I don't know how to pirate anymore.
You know what's crazy? I'm going to go right to Target. That shit's like dying. Like, honestly streaming and all that shit is almost dying.
My life used to be Lime Wire. I got every Adobe product. Lime Wire. Oh, you took it back, dawg.
I was just sitting there and I was like, I want to learn Avid. Okay, now I want to learn Final Cut.
Now I want to learn Adobe everything. And I was like, boom, boom. And I would sit there as a 27-year-old and I'd go,
they know that one day I'll be rich and I'll need to use Photoshop. And I was right.
I've given Adobe so much more money than they ever would have earned if I had been like a kid.
That's what I started recording on. I started recording on a thing called Adobe Audition 1.5, which is crazy.
And this was like a really shit, I'm not going to say this is a shit program, but like considering like Pro Tools and all this other stuff.
So I did this and I was on a Yahoo chat hip-hop. It wasn't like some sexual shit.
And this guy, I was like, oh, I was 16 years old and I was on really bad internet and I said, hey, do you know a program I could use to record?
And he says, yeah, I can give you the file right now. And he sent me the file and he stayed in the chat for six hours and let the whole thing download.
And if it wasn't for that, honestly, I wouldn't be here. Yeah, that really changed my whole life.
That man's name?
I fucking had no clue.
Fucking Shug Knight.
Shug Knight at Yahoo Messenger.
Say what you will about Shug. He'll fucking be there for you for the download.
He gets a lot of fucking bad press.
Sugar Bear.
But he'll walk you through that shit.
Yeah, no, he dangled a producer over a balcony for me for three and a half hours.
If he had pulled them back up from the hotel balcony at two hours and 45 minutes, the whole thing would have been lost.
It would have been like your mom getting on the phone when you're downloading in the 80s.
Oh, that album. You were talking about the...
Do you have a name for your new album?
The album.
I do, but I can't.
It's new album secret, but based on your old album.
But on the last album, yeah, so I have a Comic-Con panel next week in New York.
And I did it last year as well, and it's for my last album called The Incredible True Story,
which was originally going to be called The Incredible True Story in transformation of the man who saved the world,
but like, ain't no fucking blonde college girl remembering that shit.
So we just changed it to The Incredible True Story, which the acronym is TITS, nice.
Yeah, so I released that in Elevator Pitch.
The year is 2065.
In 2065, yeah.
The last human footprint was left on Earth before sending to a space station called Babble,
where there was only 5 million human beings left, and for the last 50 years from 2065 on,
we've been looking for a habitable planet. It's like Rap Interstellar.
So, the cool thing is that at the beginning of the album, you press play,
and at the end of it is a skit in what I like to call an audio-cinematic experience.
Now, I was watching... No, this is a real thing.
I was watching a... That's a real fucking thing, bro.
I was watching a documentary called I Know That Voice.
I don't know if you guys have seen it, but I love it. It's amazing.
And while watching it, I saw one of my favorite voice actors of all time.
His name is Steve Blum. He's done Spike on Cowboy Bebop.
He's on Star Wars Rebels. He's done so many different things.
And in his portion of the interview, he goes,
yeah, I mean, you know, like, this is a job.
Anybody can hire you. And I was like, what?
Anybody can hire this guy? Are you serious?
So, like, I reached out to my people, and I got his agents' information,
and I was like, oh, my God, yo, I fucking love you.
I was like, you're the best, bro.
And we met, and we sat down, and he agreed to do it.
Mind you, this is like one of my childhood heroes.
I absolutely love this guy. He agreed to do it, and he plays a captain named Thomas anyway.
So on their way to this planet called Paradise that they hope is habitable for human beings,
they're listening to oldies music from 100 years ago,
and that happens to be my album that they're listening to from there to there.
And it's like this really cool story, and that's what we're doing the panel on.
It's basically a year later how much has happened.
And here's the crazy thing. One thing that I really want to say is like,
once again, you know, I've faced a lot of shit in my life, and a lot of it's been really hard,
but the crazy thing is some of the hardest things later in my life was being a nerd,
was, like, loving Rubik's Cubes and video games and all this in hip-hop.
What the fuck? That was the weirdest...
He came into the room, and then I watched you work, and you, like, threw a wrap together,
and we're, like, taking suggestions and doing all this shit.
And then in the middle of it, you didn't bring it.
I should have brought my Rubik's Cube today.
It was, like, laying out because Justin's a maniac.
Yeah, it's fucking weird.
And it was a Rubik's Cube, and you picked it up, and it was, like, 1982.
That's incredible, like, record-setting.
And then you did it behind your back.
What?
Damn, I wish I had it. Why the... Damn it.
Yo, blame my assistant Christian, wherever the fuck he is right now.
Well, have your back, and we'll show you a little...
There is assistant Christian...
I mean, honestly, assistant Christian...
Assistant Christian, oh, the time has come.
Pull my fro you and my...
I can't be the first person to have sung as assistant Christian.
That's definitely that you're the first person.
I fucking love it.
Nice.
Where's my record?
But it's okay, because, honestly, the thing about solving Rubik's Cube
really fast is that verbally saying that you did it, as long as there's someone to vouch for you,
it's just as impressive as watching it.
It's pretty cool. Super fun.
Oh, sorry.
Get your drink on.
I derailed you about that, but I think...
So you're already into the sci-fi scene, the concept album scene.
You came up from underneath the cloud, through the cloud streets.
I want you to have a radio play hit song.
Crazy.
If the weekend can have 11 of them, then you can have several.
You want to know something?
I was very distraught at different points in my career, because I didn't have that.
And there was actually times when...
It's not that I was going to make different music, because the message is always the same,
which is one of following your dreams and doing what you love.
But, you know, sonically, I was like, man, there's times when I found myself in the studio,
like, man, damn, this dude's popping, or that dude's popping.
Like, damn, should I make some radio shit?
Is that what's going to do it?
There were times where I really thought it would, but I was like, it just doesn't feel right.
Did you have any embarrassing moments where you tried a little...
No, I mean, I had...
I would like...
Sure, I made fun radio songs, and it's not that they were bad.
I looked in the mirror and I was like, nah, this isn't me.
I still make fun radio-type-esque records, but not that sounds like the same shit.
You know what I mean?
And so I told myself, like, no, I'm going to stay true to myself and my roots and what I do.
And so just not to flex, but just to give you an example,
then this is why we're doing the panel again a year later.
So nowadays, I'm not going to name any names, because I don't want it to be taken the wrong way,
but there's a lot of humongous pop stars that, one, cannot sell tickets on their tours,
and you can't sell records where they're selling more, they're selling like 50 or 60 or 70,000.
Now, I know some of you guys...
Shakira, talking to you.
No.
Shakira!
Now, I know that some of you guys might think like, oh, no, I'm going to fucking sell millions and millions of records.
Like, no, that's not true.
This isn't like 96, you know what I mean?
Yeah, Shakira.
That doesn't work anymore.
Your hips lie now.
They do.
So there's artists, huge artists, pop artists, pop stars and girls who sing pop and all this stuff
who are only moving 50, 60, 70, 80,000 units in their first week.
And so I said, fuck that, you know, because of singles.
And I said, I'm going to make albums.
I want to be an album artist.
And in my first week on my last album, I sold 135,000 in the first week.
This is like, everybody keeps arguing on TV panels.
They keep going, oh, television, where's television going?
And I'm like, it's like, you know, it's not like I'm the only one that can see it, but it just seems like it's so obvious.
Like, all you have to do is just look at the MP3 threshold that the music went through because of the lower bandwidth.
Because a song began as a thing that was, you know, it was 3.5 megabytes.
And there was a tipping point we hit where the music industry was in big trouble as it knew itself.
And then there was all this argument about, should we sue this technology, all this stuff?
It happens over and over and over again.
I was a communications major in college before I dropped out a week into college.
But I did take the one class where they, like, this has been happening since, when TV got rolled out,
movies were like, they said the exact same things that the record labels said about MP3s.
Because they were like, they went to the government and said, you should make TV illegal.
Because this isn't fair. If people can look at a screen at home, why would they ever go to the movie?
When phonographs were putting people's houses, people were buying phonographs and buying records,
the people that made sheet music were like, we're fucking out of a job.
When sheet music, people were selling sheet music bands were like, no one's going to go out and see live music anymore.
Because people can just go home and play it by themselves.
And then the truth that emerges is it's never more good, it's never more bad, it's more good and more bad.
So what you're saying is verifying my prediction about how TV is going to go is that either Vince Gilligan
or a 26-year-old Vince Gilligan that doesn't have a Breaking Bad like available to him,
because he has our next files, staff writing job or anything, like there's no system left for him to go through,
or they're going to, Louis C.K. is already doing it, they're going to Howard Hughesify the TV industry,
it's going to turn into just everybody's just self-employed.
No, I agree. I think honestly a lot of people when streaming of music first started, everybody was like, no.
But that's everything. It saved the music industry.
So Universal Music Group, which is like the biggest fucking label there is, was up two years ago,
more than they had been in years and years because of streaming.
So I think what it really comes down to is just like demand.
Like we as people in this era in time, we want it right now, you know what I'm saying?
Like Stranger Things, one episode, fuck that, I want them all.
You know Fuller House Season 2? Hurry the fuck up.
Roger, that's real.
You want to come watch Westworld at my place tonight?
There's pizza on the floor.
When you say you're making an album, I'll distract you from not having to answer that question.
When you think of making an album because that's an art form that's kind of gone away, some people still do.
Like how many tracks, is it all thematic?
That's such a good question, dude.
Oh, I got loads.
I had some good ones.
Can I awkwardly go use the restroom and then come back?
I just drank like two bottles of water and I've been up here.
So I'm going to come back and answer your question about...
I want you to think good and hard about that while you're here tonight.
Good and hard, yes.
You go pee and I'll talk to Jeff about his question asking.
I'm glad somebody finally asked it.
What the fuck was that?
What?
You went over my head, you're trying to show me up.
I have penetrating journal...
I dropped out of college with a journalism major that I didn't get.
Yeah.
Well you just penetrated me.
Huh?
On my show.
Dude, Harmon...
Harmon, you text it to me, let me ask it.
If I penetrate you, you're going to fucking know you got penetrated.
That's how penetrating my questions are.
Alright, hit a beat while he's gone.
Zach, where you at?
We got Zach back there?
No.
Where's fucking Zach go?
The one show we need Zach with the beats.
Acapella?
Yeah, do it.
Let's do it.
Acapella.
Yo.
I fuck the two.
It's a name, it doesn't have to make sense.
You can be named anything.
Logic's peeing so I'm rapping.
He's going, he's peeing not crapping.
It's number one, it's not number two.
I fuck your mama!
What you going to do?
Please, go in designer clothes.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
Other Adult
Well I'm that mama.
Oh, my name is DJ Truck, I don't know why I'm rapping, I'm usually a DJ by trade.
You have 10 seconds to rap.
But some of us, some of us, some DJs rap now, it's, the industry is, he's back, he's
back, he's back.
So anyways, Star Wars, yes, not all nerf herders are scruffy, first Star Wars, but tell us
about your pee, how'd it go?
It was awesome.
Do you guys know Dolly Parton's playing the Hollywood Bowl?
Yeah.
She's so good.
Hey, I'm Dolly Parton, I don't, that's what you said.
Are you Dolly Parton fan?
No, but check it out, so my mother-in-law is, and she had my wife who's sitting back
like fourth row, love you baby doll, swag.
No, so anyway, so we're in the car, and she's like, oh babe, take a picture of that and
send it to my mom.
And I'm like, what are you saying?
What are you talking about?
She's like, yeah, just tell her we're at that concert.
And I'm like, what?
That's fucked up.
She's like, yeah, it's my mom's favorite artist.
Wait, she's there right now, Dolly Parton?
Yeah, Dolly Parton's at the Hollywood Bowl.
10 nights.
Yes, but here's the crazy thing.
I know.
What am I doing here at this fucking shit show?
Because while I was in there taking a piss, Dolly Parton, a TV guide, just staring at
me.
It sounds real nice.
Like a current one?
No.
Definitely like 1906.
I saw Dolly Parton play at the Greek amphitheater, which is one of my favorite places to see
anybody.
Really?
And everybody in that place had a good time.
Everybody laughed.
Everybody cried.
She tells the greatest stories of all time.
Can I ask you a quick question?
Yeah.
I played the forum the last time I was in LA, and that was a lot of fun.
And I'm not necessarily, I don't know if I want to go to the forum again, because it's
awesome.
Yeah.
But it's an hood.
No, I'm just kidding.
It's an angle hood.
I'm just joking.
But I've always wanted to do the Greek.
Play the Greek, because there's no bad city to the Greek.
I know, but the thing is it's just capacity-wise, it's only like 6,000.
It's pretty small, but as Neil Diamond said, it's where great musicians get to go to when
they die.
That's the place to play.
Okay.
I feel like it's a very satisfying place to play.
I feel like it would be a lot of fun, but I heard that it's kind of quiet.
Is that true?
No.
Okay.
I mean, I've seen a lot of shows there, and I've been in the front, and I've been
way in the back, and it's pretty tasty audio there.
Fucking noted.
Yeah.
But then again, I don't know, for rap, because it's in a residential neighborhood up there.
What she said, because I'm black, isn't that going to work?
Yeah.
I'm scared.
The property values are going to go down.
The next show's tickets will be the lower price.
It'll be like $2 a pop.
No, I'm joking.
John Tesh, $2.
What happened?
Oh, a black show.
Dolly Parton looked out.
You know the song, Jolene?
You know, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene.
It's a great song.
I don't know that much, Dolly.
She looked out of the crowd, and she goes, you know, I don't mean any offense, but I'm
looking out of my audience, and I know my audience when I come to Hollywood, but I really,
I would like to sing the first verse of this as drag queen, drag queen, 4,000 of the 6,000
people stood up, and they were all drag queens.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
It was draggy as fuck.
It was real good.
It was really...
Draggy.
Dolly plays every instrument in the fucking building.
She plays the horn, the piano, like the violin.
Really?
Yeah, guitars.
She plays everything.
I didn't know that.
Dolly puts on a program.
That's how I saw Dolly Parton, who was on Hannah Montana, because my wife was making
me watch it.
That's what I was telling you in the greeners, Miley Cyrus, I heard, like she, because Billy
Ray was...
Billy Ray.
I don't know, contemporary.
She hung out a lot, and so Miley Cyrus cites Dolly Parton as an early mentor.
She tells the most inspirational, sad, beautiful, heartwarming story about, well, I forget the
name of the small town that she grew up in, but it's quite small, and I don't even remember
the state.
Tennessee, where's she from?
Tennessee.
And her father was ruled down to earth, ruled just good, well-meaning, moralistic father,
and when she got really famous, they erected a big statue in the center of town of Dolly,
and he kept saying to her, don't let this go to your head.
You're still Dolly.
You're still the girl from the small town.
Don't ever let this become who you are.
That statue doesn't mean anything, and she's like, yeah, but it's my statue.
I made it, dad, and she's like, yeah, but don't get a big head about this.
She found out many years later that in the middle of the night, he would go out and clean
the bird poop off her statue.
Damn, that's awesome.
What a good story.
I wanted to hate him so bad.
No.
No, I was on board.
I was fucking lost in fucking family rage.
I was like, that fucking asshole, I hope this ends with him dying.
I was like, no, what you were seeing was my therapy exercises.
I was like, he loved that statue more than anybody else because it was his little girl
and he wouldn't let any bird shit on her and it was fucking great.
All right, well, let your little girl think she's bigger than your tail when she gets
a statue.
That's why I pissed.
I took a piece.
Oh, yeah.
Tell me about when you say you're going to make an album now, which is a dying art because
like when we grew up, albums were a thing that the story got told, or even if they didn't
mean to tell a story, they would arrange the songs in a way that if you could play a record
from front to back on the first side and flip the tape or flip the record or whatever, like
you were going through this journey.
So like, if you're one of those people and you clean your weed on the, if it was a like
total concept album would fold it open and you could clean your weed because you pinch
it up here and the seeds rolled down into the middle.
So logic.
So when you're making an album, like, how do you approach that?
And also, is there like, that's, that's where you think the market is right now that you
think that people.
The market's 100 million percent not into the album.
The market is into singles and EPs and fucking get, you know, make as much money as you can
as quick as you can.
And once again, that's where I had to defy the odds.
I mean, even with my last album, it was a rap album about space.
But I mean, like think, like imagine me walking into Def Jam, okay, like Def Jam and being
like, yeah, so I got this cool idea about like space and rap.
How's that?
And they're like, what?
And I'm like, are there any, there's a lot of amazing stories about music history of
one person, one of the few great artists loving a record producers like label people that
would stick their necks out and say, no, we need to, we need to make this record because
this is going to be important.
And the top of, you know, the head of Capitol Records said, no, nobody wants to buy that
shit.
But it ends up being Dave Brubeck's take time out, you know, the biggest jazz record of
all time.
And nobody ever wanted to make, are there still people that you think, do they even
exist in the record industry that would stick their necks out and support an artist doing
that?
No.
Just because there's no money in it.
No, it's not that it's like, you know, who supported me was my manager, but he's also
my best friend.
So I'm signed to an independent visionary music group.
And through that, we did, we did a partnership with IDJ, which is then, which is Def Jam,
which is then Universal is this whole fucking matrix.
And, and yeah, I mean, we had to defy a lot, a lot of the odds, you know, there was a lot
of things that they were like, eh, we don't want to do this or we don't want to do that.
And we were like, fuck you going to do it anyway.
Right.
And we did it.
And the reason, but the reason we had that leverage is because of the things like the
mix tapes.
My man's checking Twitter because I'm just kidding.
I'm joking.
The moment the guest turned to start to me, Dan checks right the fuck out.
Nice.
Well, no, that's obviously that's my luxury.
I'm sorry I'm visible that I was checking on our sponsor to see if what the fuck we're
supposed to say about their product.
Nice.
I wanted you guys to be doing what you're doing.
It was good.
It was a good opportunity for me to look at this.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
I don't even know what we were talking about.
The album making process.
Yeah.
So is your next one, can you say, is it going to be another like thematic?
It is.
Bowie Esk, Ziggy Stardust journey into there is a huge theme.
I'm really excited about it.
I wish I could give you the title now, but I can't.
Is it called crumb rumblers?
Because that would be fucking fun.
But you know what, I will give you the title to my next album.
Well, well, well, it looks like there's a Harmontown exclusive here.
This is a real thing because you know what, because everything that we've been talking
about, I think, I think it'd be great and, and you know, it's not too crazy.
It's just the title.
Before I give you the title, I want you to know that it is a word that I created.
I formed, I formed to know it's not that word.
Nas did that.
But it's two words that I put together and basically the definition of it is the cultural
evolution of man from scientifically proven the first man and woman from Africa and then
how over time culturally evolving into a, you know, lighter and lighter and much more
fairer skin.
So the album is going to be called Afrikarian and it's no real shit.
And it's about, it's about me being black and white and seeing life from, from two sides.
And once again, about that cultural evolution and how you can go from the darkest of skin
to the lightest of skin or the Aryan brotherhood, if you will, who believe that they're pure
of blood when at the end of the fucking day, we all have, you know, that, that in our blood
and we all have so, so many different ethnicities in our blood, no matter how pure we think
that we are.
And that at the end of the day, life should all be, should be about peace, love and positivity
and equality for all every man, woman and child that walks the earth.
And that's what I'm saying on this entire album.
I'm going to buy that record.
Here.
Exclusive.
Yeah.
I definitely, I think what you're saying is that humanity could use a good shave.
And they need to understand that they need to stop thinking that they need to choose
between price and quality to get an amazing and affordable shave.
That's like legit.
Like, that's what the fucking album is about.
Exactly.
That is like exact.
Dan, Dan, I'm sorry to interrupt, but you, you're not talking about Dollar Shave Club,
are you?
Wait.
Well, I, oh, oh, no, I, but are you, are you talking about Dollar Shave Club?
You're, you're, you're certainly talking to their language.
Yeah.
I mean, it sounds like you're talking about maybe my favorite place.
I just read in my texts about Dollar Shave Club.
Which part, which line?
Well, I just started.
DollarShaveClub.com delivers amazing razors right to my door.
Where's the camera?
Hey, for a third of the price of what the greedy razor, they really wrote that?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Guys, logic, Dan, bad pitch.
Let's just, let's just kill two birds one stone.
No, logic.
Keep the text there.
Can we put a bead on and maybe try to wrap this?
Well, can I have your phone?
So that we have our talking points and we can like Dollar Shave Club.
And if you're listening and you've gave us money
from Dollar Shave Club, we'll back clean up
at the end of this experiment,
and we'll just tell everybody about Dollar Shave Club.
I mean, hit the points, but let's put a beat on
before you get peed on.
Okay.
Ha ha ha.
Uh, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
When you shave, you want to save.
You don't want to spend, you want to mend.
Dollar Shave Club's bringing quality.
I'm talking about equality between the bearded
and the clean shaven.
I saw your mama, and I'm going to be saving money.
Yo, check it.
When it comes to the better shave, uh, you.
You know it's better than, come on, girl.
Get the shave down your Netherlands.
I'm about to get it, about to make it work.
I'm about to make it work for an amazing price.
It's real nice.
You should buy that shit twice.
Here's your chance to see why over three million members
buy of Dollar Shave Club.
Okay, that's a good one.
Dollar Shave Club dot com.
Dollar Shave Club all day long.
Dollar Shave Club DOT dot com.
Yeah, uh, we're shooting like a movie.
Matter of fact, we're shooting like a Uzi.
The executive blade.
That sounds like another blade, prequel.
Yo, graduate.
Give yourself a tassel.
Don't deal with the drugstore hassle.
Just go to past the checkout lines.
Go home and wait for the shave to be delivered to you.
Yeah.
Word.
Well, just try the executive blade.
It's a product they have.
It's going to make your face made.
Like the mafia made Joe Pesci.
When you shave with this, you're going to look hessy.
It's a new word that means clean shaven.
Yeah.
Dollar Shave Club is confident in the quality
of their product.
You can get your first month for free.
Yo, you don't even have to give them P.
Just pay shipping.
Just pay shipping?
After that, after that, a few bucks a month, no hassle,
no, just a few bucks a month.
The long-term commitment, no hidden fees,
except the shipping fees.
That's the shit, this.
Ha ha ha.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Go to dollarshaveclub.com slash Harmontown.
You're going to turn the thing that's hiding your frown upside
down and then off your face.
Put it in the basket, take it to a race.
Black, white, you need to get together.
Tickle your skin like a feather.
Oh, you're so soft.
I don't know your ethnic.
What?
I thought you'd take it from there.
You know what I'm talking about.
You actually offended logic, then.
You offended both of my races.
My phone went dead.
At the same time.
I thought you'd take it from there.
What?
OK, all right.
Dollar Shave.
100 pennies, it's not a lot.
You got beard on your face.
A collect snot.
Clean that shit off with a knife that comes on a handle.
All your life, you're going to feel younger and more executive.
Don't wreck, you give.
Yo, yo.
Dollar Shave Club.com's where it's at.
Where it's at.
Dollar Shave Club.com, wear a hat.
Wear it.
Dollar Shave Club.com, make a splat.
Make a splat.
Dollar Shave Club.com.
What's bats doing in here?
Batman, motherfuckers.
Oh, I'm Batman.
Batman and Robin.
Yo, I'm Batman.
Batman, yo, yo, yeah.
I'm going to switch it up.
Yeah, bat rap.
The full house rap.
Oh, shaving bat rap.
Yo, check it, I'm about to fucking rap this bad.
I got to get it like that.
This is how we do it.
Got to shave my face for saving grace.
This is how we do it, man.
Pardon.
I'm about to chill with my home girl, Dolly Parton.
Yeah, bring it back again.
This is how we got to do it when we're naked in him.
I don't even know what the hell I'm saying.
So I'm going to pass it to my man.
Yo, yo.
With your life I'm saving.
My face I'm shaving.
I can't turn my head so you know when I shave,
I don't like to spend bread.
So Dollar Shave Club is where it's at.
It gets sent to the Bat Cave and that's where it's at.
So I use it on my face and I go out and I save people.
I prefer to think of all race.
But I have had some criticisms.
But I would blame that on crime.
I'm not going to do quota vigilanceism.
That doesn't get us anywhere.
I had white parents.
They got killed.
Got killed.
Yo, they got killed.
When that parents got killed, that was ill.
It was ill to kill.
My parents before I had my parenthood filled.
When I'm just like a bat, you think
you know that it's all about that.
But I just want to put fear in the hearts of enemies.
I fucked your mama so hard, she's now a friend of me.
Yo, I made her pussy go wide and Batman's inside.
Made a little robin, pulled it out, gave him a costume,
and said run about.
Be my sidekick, help me fight crime.
But I'm going to stay in the cave and bust some rhymes
with logic, logic, Batman, logic.
So I think it's always good to show up
as advice when you have a professional rapper on stage
to do most of the rapping yourself.
I, look, let's clean up some details.
I think we covered most of it, but there's still
more bills to pay.
But it was the idea, the general idea of that rap,
which I think came through, was that price and quality,
they don't need to compete.
It's like if you're a biracial rapper.
How much are they paying us for this?
Wait, no, no, no.
How much are they paying me?
Because that's exactly.
We're going to kick start your fourth, this next album.
You've got that.
The one after that.
Then your next album has to be all about shaving.
Can I get that Dolly Parton feature, though?
Price and quality.
Don't let them compete.
You can get the quality for a low price
and get an amazing and affordable shave.
And take my word for it.
MC shaves a lot.
I shave constantly.
Show me your glistening balls.
Yeah, yeah, that's dirty.
You need to be shaved.
Oh, no.
Oh, plus lines.
You did not just go there, girlfriend.
Oh, my goodness, girl.
I shave my balls so much with Dollar Shave Club
that I need me undies to cradle them.
Or I'd get like cotton burns.
No, those two companies are total rivals.
It's like Pepsi and Coke.
They're owned by them.
But they work so well together.
That's like telling me Doritos and Taco Bell
don't get along.
Come on.
Have you met them?
That was witty.
That was great.
I mean, come on.
They got the Doritos Locos.
That was a great joke.
DollarShaveClub.com's the answer.
Swag, yeah.
And to prove it, they're going to give you your first month
free to join the club.
Seriously?
We're going to hear about that shipping fee later.
DollarShaveClub.com offers amazing razors right to your door
for a third of the price of what the greedy razor
corporations charge.
Big razor.
You've heard of big razor.
You don't have to deal with the drugstore.
I mean, who wants to go to the drugstore just because you
have hair on your face?
That's ridiculous.
I mean, I let you go down to the drugstore
to hear some tunes in the jukebox and get a phosphate.
Stay away from the pool hall.
And yeah, don't go down there anymore to get your razors.
Don't do that.
But old man Johnson, he's run that drugstore on my corner
for 50 years.
He's a piece of racist shit.
He built that drugstore was built by slaves.
You're groaning your own country.
No, it's true.
Yeah, I heard that.
Just go to DollarShaveClub.com and pick a razor that
works for you from their lineup of amazing blades.
That's all there is to it.
Amazing blades, how sweet.
The shave.
That shave appears like a beard.
Nice.
I once had a beard, but now I shaved.
Twice Dollar ShaveClub.
That shaved my face.
Lift a good job in the city.
So you get your first month for free.
You sign up for it.
You just pay shipping.
After that, it's a few bucks a month.
No long term commitment.
It's the longest ad.
You can shave faster than this ad.
Get yours DollarShaveClub.com slash Harmontown.
There is no promo code.
You guys were texting me to do the promo code.
The promo that you go to DollarShaveClub.com slash Harmon
Town.
You got to do it like the guys in the commercial that
are like super fast.
Yeah, OK.
Did you hear it now on radio ads?
They actually speed it up with the fucking.
So it's like, it's actually just listening to this ridiculous
like, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Yeah, no, yeah.
That's crazy.
They used to have to get that micro machine guy.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
Dan has a really good impression of the Chef Motor
Model.
Chef Lightning Lips.
What?
What is that?
Chef Lightning Lips is an entertainer who's now
going to double his YouTube hits.
Wait, wait, wait, what does he do?
What doesn't he do?
He says food fast.
So do you know I have the Lightning Lips?
Yeah.
Did you know this?
Well, I mean, that's kind of sounds weird.
Well, maybe you need to demonstrate it with another.
I'm going to demonstrate.
How many foods can you say as fast as you can?
It's not about foods, but it's about description.
So I have a song called Gang Related where
I'm rapping about my brother and the things
that he went through and a part of it.
So it goes where he's basically talking about being
in the streets.
But it goes, get down or lay down.
Hit you with the Beretta.
You better stay down.
Straight side to the playground.
Living how I'm living with the life that I'm giving.
Anybody that's riding with me, I'm riding with them.
Show me the enemy and I'm going to hit them.
The second I bit them, I get them and hit them with the venom.
And I don't need to pretend I'm going to never do it.
I knew it.
I've already been through it.
I do it for the street, for the fam, for the life.
Anybody that's gang related.
And when I do it on stage, I say, in one breath,
get down or lay down.
Hit you with the Beretta.
Get better, stay down.
Straight shots in the playground, living how I'm living with the life
that I'm giving.
Anybody that's riding with me, I'm riding with them.
Show me the enemy and I'm going to hit them.
The second I bit them, I get them and hit them with the venom.
I don't need to pretend I'm going to never do it.
I knew it.
I've already been through it.
I do it for the street, for the fam, for the life.
Anybody that's gang related.
But logic, you brought a knife to a gun fight
because you haven't heard Dan do a chef.
When I talk about life in the streets,
one thing that I'll say is, I know you're a brother,
but I know another.
And I have a brother that's another that doesn't get his druthers.
Because society is trying to smother the brother that's
another that doesn't get what he wants.
So show.
But when I'm on stage, sometimes I go,
a brother with another guy comes to get the gun.
But then I'll stop and go, starting over.
A brother with another guy, some other guy.
I mean, I'm sure what you do is fine.
It's like so fast that you can't even register.
A brother with a guy.
She's so quick.
Micro-machines.
Well, here's my serious question.
So when you do something like that, is that so in that instance,
are you, do you think phonetically when you're writing,
obviously you must go, when you're writing lyrics, you go,
I think this is something a lot of people don't understand,
that only you and I get.
Is that it's not about like, you don't just go like,
oh, I'm going to rhyme the word milk,
so then I'm going to say silk at the end of this thing.
It's like this phonetic like the entire time.
So yes, I studied, obviously, like the dictionary
and the thesaurus as a kid.
So it's just like live and given, just like these words that
Jeremy Piven.
Jeremy Piven, you know what I mean?
But there's a difference between just saying some shit.
So I have this thing where I kind of have fun with it.
So basically, that's a real thing.
You guys heard me say it, and it's kind of depicting this street
lifestyle that this guy is living.
And I'm preaching to not live that way
and not have to deal with that.
But then there's fun ones.
So I could do little freestyles and be like, yo, it's
L-O-G-I-C, chilling in LA from MD.
The second I get it, you know who we be, right?
And then at the end, I'll end it and be like,
because I'm ripping and living like almost like some Jack
the River.
I said I'm ripping and living and striving.
The killer, the ripper, he's calling what goes when he flow.
And this is where it's all just kind of syllable and just fun.
Calling what go when he flow.
And you know he's pursuing it, doing it, moving it,
grooving it, stopping it, right?
Like all just kind of flexing and having fun.
But when I say it back really fast, it's just ripping and
living, just dropping it, killing it, ripping, calling what
go when he flow.
And you know he's pursuing it, doing it, moving it,
grooving it, stopping it, rocking it, talking about
walking it, flipping it, ripping it, motherfucking it,
screwing it, wanting to go when I buy it, then break it,
roll it, then lick it, then smoke a choke on it later.
But what this is.
It's like a roulette wheel.
Yeah, totally.
It's like price is right.
A cart and bike spoke.
That's fun, because like me, it's almost like solving
a Rubik's Cube.
So like next time, hopefully I can come and I'll do it.
But it's all about algorithms.
It's like muscle memory or playing the drums.
It's about logic.
So what you do is you just memorize this and you just do
it over and over and over.
And so when you are on stage and you are performing, I
slaved away on that gang-related verse, the first
one that I did.
That is a real thing that I did.
This one's just like jerking off.
This one's just like all these people who have no idea.
I'm just like, yeah, ripping it, living it, dropping it,
killing it, ripping it, calling it.
And I'm taking these fun words and putting them together.
But they're like, oh my god.
So it's like cheating.
But that's for fun though.
I actually do it.
But that's just like the fun though.
But not cheating at all because your listener is going,
wow, he talks fast.
It's like you're talking about like, oh, but to add meaning
into that, to add a narrative.
And then you're talking, when you're jerking off, you're
doing like, well, this word and that word are like.
I'm still forming sentences, but it's more fun.
You know, like even the breakages.
Do you ever do one of those?
It's super fast, but you're just actually talking shit
about somebody.
They don't know it.
Or I just say some real satanic shit in there.
No, I don't think so.
Like, river to river to Shave Brave.
Well, this is what I wanted to do.
Is that what it's called, Shave Brave?
Dollar Shave Club.
Oh, Dollar Shave Club.
Shave Brave is the name of the year.
I think that's a new Autobot from Transformer.
Be brave to Shave.
Shave Brave.
Wait, what the fuck is it called again?
Get over it on those.
Shave Brave.
Dollar Shave Club?
Dollar Shave Club.com.
Nice.
So let me ask you a question real quick.
If you, if this person, like this company, they spot you,
but you like, can you like, make fun of them?
Are you allowed to do that?
I think we're about to find out.
They'll either be back or they won't.
I don't know if we offended me on these or if they use them.
That is like, that's like the first rule of Dollar Shave
Club.
We just totally fucked that up.
But I think the beauty of the new world is it's like, well,
there's always going to be, it's more of a buyer's market
in the sense of like, you know, hey,
there'll be another Shave Club.
Hey, if it's, if it's, if it's a dynamic industry.
Hey, can I just say that I was like super nervous to come out
here?
And no, I'm serious.
I was so nervous, man, because like, this isn't,
this isn't like, this isn't my, my.
You're jammed, the kids say.
Go ahead.
Let me teach you some street culture.
It's not your jam.
What?
It's your jam.
No, it's not my jam.
Oh yeah, I get it.
It comes from jelly.
You're making like sandwiches.
Like, this isn't my jam.
But yes, I, I, uh, this isn't my jam.
Like this is kind of, you know, this is like fun and,
and, and, you know, and comedic.
And also I, I do want to just say that I appreciate you kind
of like, let me talk about, you know,
some more serious stuff as well.
But to everybody in the crowd who might not know me,
I just want to say thank you so much for even like sitting
through this and, and, you know, and I really appreciate it.
And this is fucking awesome.
And I hope maybe just maybe massive that I can come back.
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
You should come back all the time.
But I think we should conclude with,
this is what I was getting at earlier.
It was like, our lives are intersecting.
I need to, when we go to the moon,
and you did the sci-fi rap thing,
it's about exodus from the earth and stuff.
So I think like you could help us create like a
Harmontown anthem that should probably be hip hop.
We'll just like, we'll close with that and then we'll go.
This is not going to go well.
But I think it will cause.
Well, let me ask you real quick, Dan, to cut you off.
You said you're nervous to come out here,
but are you nervous when you go on stage at the forum?
What's that, 40,000 people?
What do you got there?
It wasn't 40,000, but you know, some of the shows we did,
they were like 20,000.
Yeah.
Are you nervous when you go on and do your own thing,
or you're not prepared?
Not really.
If I haven't done it in three months,
and then I'm, you know, I have like a one-off show
or a festival, I get like, oh man, I'm excited.
But as soon as I touch the stage, I'm like, it goes away.
But this is different, but it's not a bad thing.
It's actually really nice because there's less and less
things, not to sound any type of way, but like, you know,
like the last time, this is gonna sound crazy.
The last time I felt how I felt like sitting back there,
it was when I performed on Jimmy Fallon with the Roots
for nine million viewers.
And it's because I performed so many times
in front of so many people and this and that,
that like, I'm used to that.
Performing on television was crazy.
Doing this, like, you know, I watched,
and I was telling Dan this, like,
I wasn't really hip to all of this.
Obviously, I knew Dan, and I love Rick and Morty,
and I know community, and you know,
all these different things, but I didn't really know
about this world, and I did my homework,
and I watched fucking Harmontown,
I watched Documentary, I watched everything,
and then I got real scared, like, oh shit,
I can't fuck this up, you know?
And so it's just-
And clearly, in the meantime,
I'm diligently listening to all your albums.
Yeah, yeah, totally.
I came so prepared, but yeah, no, I think they would,
I mean, I know that you are like, cut out for podcasting.
Like, you should be, because it's just a,
like, you're cut, we're on the over, Jesus, I'm drunk.
You should, you have leftovers.
You're cut for our breath over.
You're practicing a craft on stage,
and on your albums, you're putting those things together
meticulously, but, and it's not a waste of all of the,
you know, when you're 80 years old,
and you're a hologram, like,
if you want to avoid going like, oh shit, man,
I was chugging and chugging and chugging,
and how much of that smoke went into albums
and things that I took so preciously,
it's like, you're fun to listen to just having coffee,
so that's what podcasting is.
Like, you could just scoop up all that butter
and dog pizza and put it in and dog pizza.
Logic, what he was saying is, stop selling out
and, you know, making all this money on records,
and just really get into the podcast world.
Yeah.
I know, it's a side-to-side action.
Join my, join my click, join my company.
Exactly.
It'll, it'll, it'll, no, it's,
it's something to do in the meantime.
I've thought about it.
Keep the voices out of your head.
No, I'm legit, I've thought about it.
I thought how it could be something that'd be really fun
and maybe to do like once a month and just, you know,
and just have, well, but here's the real fucking question.
Don't do it with ear wolf.
So.
Oh, I thought that's what he was gonna ask.
So, if, if I, if I truly, if I do,
if I start my own podcast,
will you two come be on one of my episodes?
Of course, that's part of the, yes.
Okay, cool.
Nice.
Yes.
All right.
Leah Beedon, let's do the Harmontown anthem.
Zach, pick a beat for us, please.
This is what's gonna play at all the Harmontown events
that are non-sporting.
So wait, I'm, I'm, I'm joining in on this.
How's it going?
Yeah, well you're gonna be the main version.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna do like a,
I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw it to you and you're doing it.
Suck my dick.
Yo.
Harmontown going down with a fucks drum.
Wait for it.
Yeah.
Clive Active.
Building suspense.
Yeah.
Building suspense, pregnant pause, y'all.
It's like having sex in the wood, it's fucking intense.
Yo, we in Harmontown going down.
It don't matter if you white as fuck or dark brown.
We talk about a lot of crazy shit
like religion and politics and, uh, shape like.
I'm about to keep it going now.
Uh, I said I'm about to keep it going now.
Yeah.
Damn.
Is it going down?
Yeah.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, my name is Ed209.
You have 10 seconds to comply with all of my rhymes.
I am the future of law enforcement.
Enforcement droid.
I can't stand and sit.
If I do, I get a hemorrhoid.
I'm the future of Detroit.
It has a cancer.
It's called crime.
Get, get away.
Yeah.
What the fuck happened there?
Anyway.
Yeah.
I already know coming from above.
You need to share, homie.
Do you believe in love?
I'm about to keep it going.
Come on, Dan.
Homie, keep it going.
Do you believe that you can rock?
Because I saw your mama in a fair trap.
Because she's part Beaver and she's part June Cleaver.
But I was trying to go cold, but I'm not.
A rapper that's very bold.
I'm a gentle, psychological philosopher.
I saw your mama, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
fuck her.
Sands of time.
Time.
Yo, sands of crimes.
Wash your hands of the crimes with the rhymes.
Suck it.
When you're born in the streets.
Cities.
You never get enough oak.
You only get meat.
Do your taxes.
Because it's cheaper at McDonald's.
But your momma just to work an insert random word.
I love pants.
Because it rhymes with dance.
Dance.
Well, you take.
Yo, I got my pants.
Rhymes is such a half beat, motherfucking beat.
I don't actually rap like this.
I sound like an idiot.
But it's all good.
They're going to fix me on the overdug.
But don't forget about shape.
Yo.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown tonight, everybody.
Let's hear it for logic.
Logic?
Psychological.
She'll be back.
Philosophical.
I'm Jeff Davis, your com-trailer.
Let's hear it for your Mayor Dan Harmon, everybody.
Keep that beat going.
Dry fast, take chances, everybody.
We love you!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!